## Things to be installed on a new machine
1. tmux
1. zsh (also `chsh -s /bin/zsh`)
1. Install Lambda Labs Stack ([here](https://lambdalabs.com/lambda-stack-deep-learning-software))
1. Console Font: Roboto Mono Light 20pt. Install the version patched for Powerline.
1. Setup powerline and its themes for vim, tmux, zsh (actually maybe first install oh-my-zsh and powerlevel10k as listed below).
    - https://powerline.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    - Fiddle with the powerline configs to tweak the status bar and the prompt.
1. Bash mode (`set -o vi`)
1. Re-Enable Reverse History Search in vi-mode:
 
        bindkey -v
        bindkey '^R' history-incremental-search-backward


1. `noglob` alias (`alias ng=noglob`)
1. Setup ~/.tmux.conf:
    - Some basic guidelines here: https://robots.thoughtbot.com/love-hate-tmux
    - At the very least, add vi keybindings:
         ```
         # act like vim
         setw -g mode-keys vi
         bind h select-pane -L
         bind j select-pane -D
         bind k select-pane -U
         bind l select-pane -R
         bind-key -r C-h select-window -t :-
         bind-key -r C-l select-window -t :+
         ```
1. Disable the forward/backward page keys on the X220 by:
         ```
         xmodmap -e 'keycode 166='
         xmodmap -e 'keycode 167='
         ```
1. In the GNOME terminal, go to Preferences and change Keyboard Shortcuts:
  * Copy: Ctrl+C
  * Paste: Ctrl+V
  * New Tab: Ctrl+T
  * New Window: Ctrl+V
1. In the same settings above, disable the terminal bell.
1. Install 'Extension Manager' so that you can install some extensions such as:
    - Install 'Just Perfection' for moving clock.
    - Install 'Freon' and separately lm-sensors.
1. Install tailscale.
1. In the Keyboard option set the following screenshots:
    - Ctrl + Tab to switch Applications immediately.
    - Ctrl + ~ to switch between windows of the same application immediately.
1. Install NVIDIA drivers via Ubuntu Software Manager. Sometimes Ubuntu will self-wreck these drivers in updates. In that case, install the NVIDIA driver directly, and ignore the prompt when it says there are better compatible versions available.
1. Disable extra chars when copying to the terminal (Not sure if this works actually):

       printf '\e[?2004l'
 
1. For turning off extra-intelligent path completion that escapes $ sign and other stuff (might be only required for bash perhaps?):

        shopt -u progcomp

1. Install oh-my-zsh, [powerlevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k), and also set `export TERM=xterm-256color` in your ~/.zshrc. Then run `p10k configure`. Without setting `TERM`, tmux won't have the nice colors etc.

1. powerlevel10k recommends installing the fonts too. 

1. Install tensorflow with the guidelines [here](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip). The Miniconda script should be only run via `bash`.  Rest of the steps can be run in zsh as usual. You can skip this if you have installed the ML stuff through the lambda stack.

1. For complex installs, it is better to use the conda environment. Some quick commands:
    - conda env list, conda create --name env_name, conda activate env_name, conda deactivate env_name, conda install -c conda-forge package_name
    - Also, conda and pip don't play too well together.

1. Install jupyter, notebook, jupyterlab, jupyter_http_over_ws, jupyterthemes. Set jupyter theme to Monokai using: `jt -t monokai`. Jupyter comes pre-installed with the Lambda stack.

1. When SSH-ing from another machine on the same network for the first time it is better to copy the keys. Use `ssh-keygen` to generate the keys, then `ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa username@hostname.local`. This assumes the key to copy is at `~/.ssh/id_rsa`.

1. To connect colab to the local instance, start Jupyter locally using `jupyter notebook`. Then do SSH tunneling like so: `ssh -L 8888:localhost:8888 username@hostname`. After this you can use the auth URL generated by Jupyter within colab.

## New workstation quirks.
1. Follow the instructions [here](https://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/hpc/how-to-use-linux-kernel-boot-options/).
   
1. Might need to connect via ethernet to upgrade drivers.

1. Ensure physical VGA switch remains off.

## Devices
1. Kinesis Advantage 2 Keyborad
    - Map `<F1>` to `<Esc>`, since I tend to hit `<F1>` while in Vim, because the `<Esc>` key is tiny.
1. Evoluent Vertical Mouse
